hey guys this is some 2050 with you with
his iphone 3gs today and today I'm going
to be showing you how to get Siri on any
iOS device
yes I found iPod iPad the original
iPhone iPhone 2g ipod 1st gen 2nd gen
3rd gen and the fourth 4th gen this
won't work for that iPad 3 now but it
will work for the rest of things so you
don't need any special update or so I am
running 5.0 point 1 but it does work
with the iOS version 3.1 point 2 and
above so let's get on with it
first you need a jailbroken device so go
ahead and open up cydia and let it wrote
once it's loaded and cancel it up once
it's loaded
go to manage good sources go to edit and
add and now you have to add the source i
sorry i soft sorry about that
I saw J s J SC and calm you have to add
the source the source is in the
description down below add the source I
already have it once the source is added
you have to go to this Sarah official
repo open it up it's not actually say
it's kind of Sarah thing but and you
have to download this sorrow zero point
two point two built one open it up hit
install um I have modify here install it
confirmed on the top and once it's done
reboot your device and you will have
this Sarah let me just show you
separately you will have this icon it's
kind of a silly like I can so you will
have this open it up and ask it anything
who are you
see I already asked it so she's angry
what are you see let's give another try
who is Barack Obama takes the time
sometimes but and there is full name
Barack Hussein Obama and on and on and
ok what is the population of United
States
see it works awesomely and if you wanted
to actually work like say Siri the
original iPhone 4s Siri
so you will need to download this
activator you don't need to add any
specific source just search activator
this thing download this from Syria and
enter it open it up anywhere and
shorthold and click on short hold and
over here you will see unassigned see
it's unassigned go down all the way down
where you see sada it's right there
right there when you see the tick mark
with solder it back and hold the home
button there is now you have Siri funny
func pulley functional open Safari
please and it will open Safari in about
next 5 seconds that's it see you heard
there and there it is
so guys if you like this video please
rate comment and subscribe and give this
with your thumbs up I really appreciate
that if you add it to your favorites so
thanks for watching guys please
subscribe